Add SECURITY.md (#1914)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: SECURITY.md

# Security policy

This document gathers security-related policies and guidelines for the codebase
available in this repository.

Authentication is a sensitive domain, and as such we designed the `@inrupt/solid-client-authn-*`

> libraries are designed with a particular attention to security. In particular, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libraries with a particular attention to security. In particular, 
```

> we decided to apply the following rules:

Reviewer: I would maybe use a numbered list in this context, what do you think?

Author: Haha it initially was, but then I didn't refer back to the numbers so figured out bullet points were enough

> - Comply with the [OAuth security guidelines](https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-ietf-oauth-security-topics-15.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comply with the [OAuth security guidelines](https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-ietf-oauth-security-topics-15.html).
```

> where applicable. This involves, among other things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This involves, among other things:
```

  - No support for the implicit grant and the resource owner password grant
  - The use of a PKCE token
  - Binding tokens to a DPoP key to make them sender-constrained whenever possible
- Short-lived tokens (e.g., ID token and Access token) and private cryptographic
material (e.g. a DPoP private key) are only stored in a function closure, so that
they may not be extracted once received from the remote server. These protected 
elements will not be made available directly (e.g. through a function call) or
indirectly (e.g. allowing to sign a header with the DPoP key) to any third-party.
- Longer-lived tokens (e.g. refresh tokens) are only stored in a secure storage,

> i.e., a storage which isn't shared beyond the librarie's control. This excludes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e., a storage which isn't shared beyond the librarie's control. This means not using
```

> browser storage such as `localStorage` and `sessionStorage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `localStorage` and `sessionStorage` in browsers.
```

> - If these restrictions on the high-level layer are blocking some legitimate use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These restrictions on the high-level API might block some legitimate use cases.
```

> cases, the options is added when possible for advanced users to drop down to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced users can drop down to a lower-level API where token and key management is left
```

Author: That's what we eventually want, but it's not currently the case, which is why I added "when possible" to give us the slack to actually implement this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lower-level API will be added when possible where token and key management is left to the user.
```

I would maybe try formulating like the above or remove those statements altogether (until implementation catches up).
It is unclear that it's a future plan in the current formulation and I thought straight away that I'd like to check those low level APIs wondering where/what they were ^^,

> lower-level API where token and key management is left to the dependant, and no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the dependant, and no longer a concern of the library.
```

> longer a concern of the library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Reporting a vulnerability

If you discover a vulnerability in our code, or experience a bug related to security,

> please report it following the instructions provided on our [security page](https://inrupt.com/security/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please report it following the instructions provided on [Inrupt’s security page](https://inrupt.com/security/).
```

elements will not be made available directly (e.g. through a function call) or
indirectly (e.g. allowing to sign a header with the DPoP key) to any third-party.
- Longer-lived tokens (e.g. refresh tokens) are only stored in a secure storage,

> i.e., a storage which isn't shared beyond the librarie's control. This means not using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
i.e., a storage which isn't shared beyond the library's control. This means not using
```
